Anger,
hurtful words,
devastating effects
—the Bible says:
“A mild answer turns away rage,
but a harsh word stirs up anger.”
The way out of a crisis is only found
by learning to speak openly with one another
in a mild, gentle way.
It takes time and patience.
Honestly apologizing
also helps to build bridges.
“The insight of a man
certainly slows down his anger,”
says the Bible.
Insight means understanding
—to have empathy for my partner.
How can I understand
the feelings behind their reaction?
How were my words understood?
Speaking so as not to hurt
one another’s feelings will help.
When was everything OK between us?
What were the things that made us happy?
Can we revive this love again?
go in a new direction?